Hi, I have another dream that the Lord wanted me to tell you all about.
Now, this one's pretty serious—well, all of them have been serious, but this one was really on my heart this week.
It started out as I was praying over the wars and what's going on in Ukraine, and the Lord showed me a massive storm on the East Coast of America.
It was as dark as you could see through, like a dark, dark purple storm, and the lightning was striking through it.
It was very scary-looking in the natural to look at the storm, and it was getting closer and closer.
When I pray, I see in the spirit and the Lord shows me, and the storm gets closer and closer.
The last time I saw it, the rain was coming; I could see the raindrops coming out of the storm. But the Lord showed me this massive wall.
The wall was probably five feet thick, maybe more, and it was made of humongous bricks; it went up as high as probably thirty feet, or maybe even bigger, like a several-story building.
On this side of it, I could see light coming out of it. The light was shining through the clouds and it was beautiful.
There was a stream going through on this side of the wall, and there was a little hut—a little house with a picnic table outside of it with green grass—and there was a little stove, a chimney stove with smoke coming out of it, and you could smell the smell of bread.
The Lord told me—I said, "Lord, what is this that You're showing me?"—and He said, "Brandon, this is Psalm 91 and Psalm 23, both together."He said, "If you stay in the secret place of the Most High and you abide in that shadow of the Almighty, none of that storm is going to come near you.
But you're going to have to stay close to Me and get those scriptures, Psalm 91 and Psalm 23, deep down in your heart.
It has to become a Rhema word inside of you for what's coming. You have to know that word, Psalm 91 and Psalm 23.
You can't just read, 'The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.'You can't just flippantly echo it by just reading it off."You have to meditate on the pages until it becomes a revelation to you and gets deep inside your spirit, so that it is a sword when it comes out of your mouth.
In James 4:7, you submit yourself unto God, resist the devil, and he will flee from you.
You have to understand that word and get a revelation of it, so that when you are submitting yourself unto God and resisting the devil, he will flee from you.
You must have a revelation of it, because if it's not a Rhema word inside of you, you might as well be singing "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star,"because it's not going to have any power behind it since you're just flippantly saying things.
I can quote scripture all day long; the devil knows the scripture, and he understands the scripture better than a lot of Christians do, but it's whenever the word becomes a Rhema to you that it becomes revelation knowledge that comes out of your spirit and becomes powerful.
That is what you need to know: whenever that word becomes powerful to you, that's when you're going to get results.
That is one of the things the Lord told me to tell you when I was praying this morning, so I'm going to end this video there.
I hope you have a blessed day. No weapon formed against you is going to prosper; you have to get that inside of you for when the storms are coming.
Greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. Have a blessed day.